Hello everyone!
Today, I’d like to go on a pilgrimage to a sacred place of one of my favorite animes with Google Maps!
Yes! Bam~
First off is here!
"Myoujin Otokozaka"!
Do you know it?
There are probably people who already go *ping*
That's it...
These are the stairs where everyone was doing their best and practicing!
IT'S YELLOW!
(Hoshizora Rin's Call from LoveLive's concerts)
Next is here!
For those who don't know where this is, that's very bad
You already know it, right?
It is the shrine where Non-tan worked at
*Kanda Myojin*
THANK YOU VERY MUCH!
(Toujou Nozomi's Call from LoveLive's concerts)
A lot of characters showed up, right?
Like saying: Stop the rain!
Can I go for a shrine visit?
Oh! Oh! Oh!
Can I get up to here?
Ah, good day mister
Let's start... very good
*Whoosh*
WAIT A MINUTE!
(Koizumi Hanayo's Call from LoveLive's concerts)
Good!
Next is... over here!
Yes!
Maybe you already know it?
This is a place called Takemura, but...
This is the place where Honoka-chan’s parents used to live...
This is the original design of the "Homura" store, right?
FIGHT!
(Kousaka Honoka's Call from LoveLive's concerts)
Did you know that...
After the anime became popular...
It seemed like a lot of customers came here
That anime is...
LoveLive!
Of course you got that correct, right?
The quiz is over now, but...
Since we are already doing this...
I’d like to go around these places!
Okay, here, everyone, can you recognize it?
Yume no Oohashi!
(The Bridge of Dreams)
This is the sacred place of...
“Natsuiro Egao de 1, 2, Jump!”
This is the place where they are singing in the PV
♪ Natsuiro Egao de 1, 2, Jump ♪
NICO NICO NII~!
(Yazawa Nico's Call from LoveLive's concerts)
It's the song with Nico-chan as the main vocalist
And following up, this one!
This one is... on first sight, it’s hard to make out, but...
This is the stage where of opening of the first season: "Bokura wa ima no naka de", the "Last Live"
*Harumi passenger ship terminal*
It's great, right?
When I think about them all dancing here...
It warms up your heart, right?
ELICHIKA!
(Ayase Eli's Call from LoveLive's concerts)
Also...
When I look at it my heart also warms up a lot!
Hey, look at this!
They look alike
They really look alike, they look alike!
This place is the model of "Snow Halation"!
*Gyokou Avenue*
A divine song
That was great, right? There was an actual live performance
Everyone was enjoying Honoka-chan's "Todokete" singing "To reach you"...
It was all white and shiny...
... And there were orange fireworks going: "Bababababa!"
That was really beautiful! Right?
KAKIKUKEKOOOO!
(Maki Nishikino's Call from LoveLive's concerts)
The lighting was orange too! it was great, wasn’t it?
It was the best!
CHUN CHUUUUN!
(Minami Kotori's Call from LoveLive's concerts)
What is this place? Cha-chan!
You can recognize this place, right?
The answer is...
UDX!
*Akihabara UDX*
This is the school called "UTX" in LoveLive, where all the members of A-Rise assist!
Take a look, please!
Aren't they broadcasting LoveLive Sunshine on that screen?
They sure know!
This is an important place, you know. At the beginning of LoveLive’s anime...
...Honoka-chan and Nico-chan are watching the screen together, where they can see A-Rise showing up...
...And both say that they were inspired by them...
We can also see it in Love Live Sunshine, right?
UUGH!
(Sonoda Umi's Call from LoveLive's concerts)
With that being said, my pilgrimage across all of LoveLive's sacred places is now over!
Yaaaaay!
How was it?
It was great, wasn't it?
I was able to virtually visit all of those places...
It makes me really happy
With that being said, if you ever come to Japan...
... If you ever come to Tokyo...
... Make sure to visit all of those places, ok?
See you later!
Translated by: Bararo, Mitsukitten, Lacrymac and Zerch